DT-398 Update pull_request_template.md (#274)
fastruby/points: pull_request_template.md

### Jira Ticket 
<!--- Add a link to the Jira ticket associated with this PR -->

### Motivation / Context
<!--- Why is this change required? Summarize the changes you made.  -->
<!--- Describe the approach to solve the problem or complete the task -->
    
### QA / Testing Instructions

> <!--- List the steps required to review the changes in locally or in staging -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- List the steps required to review the changes locally or in staging -->
```

**IMPORTANT: Please read the README before submitting pull requests for this project. Additionally, if your PR closes any open GitHub issues, make sure you include _Closes #XXXX_ in your comment or use the option on the PR's sidebar to add related issues to auto-close the issue that your PR fixes. **

### Jira Ticket 
<!--- Add a link to the Jira ticket associated with this PR -->

> ### Motivation and Context

Reviewer: Also to make it shorter:
```suggestion
### Motivation / Context
```

> <!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

Reviewer: If we update this line to something like this:
```suggestion
<!--- Why is this change required? Summarize the changes you made.  -->
```

> <!--- Describe the approach to solve the problem or complete the task -->

Reviewer: Perhaps we can remove this line?

> ### QA and Testing Instructions

Reviewer: To make it shorter, what do you think?
```suggestion
### QA / Testing Instructions
```

> <!--- Include any relevant details about testing and QA steps to be followed -->

Reviewer: How does this sound? Any better or clearer?
`List the steps required to review the changes in locally or in staging`
